Once upon a time, there was a rich man. He had a son named Joy. Son knew nothing about the value of his father’s wealth. Soon after father died. He began to use father’s money lavishly. It is said that that when other boys throw stones on the water for fun. Joy used to throw gold coins on the water for fun. He had enormous wealth. Slowly he started finishing his father’s wealth. 
One day after he had finished all the wealth that he inherited. He found a old box in the room. He began to see the box very carefully. It was his father’s magical box. He was seeing it repeatedly, sometimes by lifting it and sometimes by opening it. Box was not only wonderful one, but also it seemed very precious one. As he was seeing it very carefully. Since it was quite big enough to fit a man.  So he decided to sit inside the box and see once.  He couldn’t wait any longer, he sat in the box. As he sat, the box began to float in the air. Joy was frightened little bit.  The box carried him slowly out of the room. And it began to fly very fast. It began to fly over the rivers, carrying him very far away. He didn’t know where the box was carrying him. He could see that he was moving across the country. The box came very far from his home town. 
The box didn’t rest anywhere, it kept flying. By then, already 1 day have passed. He could see that he was flying over mountain area. He was passing over a hot and dry area. The box kept flying till evening of second day. Despite he was frightened, but still enjoyed the flight. After completion of two days, on the morning of third day. The box landed near a small bush. Joy got down from the box and looked all around, he found no one around him. He came back to his box and hid it in the bush. 
When he left the box and came to city, he could know that he has come to country called turkey.  He saw people over there were healthy and wealthy. Also saw that the women of the country were very beautiful. As he was listening to people, and observing them carefully. But one thing he found common from all their talking. People over there were talking about the princess of that country, by pointing and looking towards the palace on the hill top. They all were discussing about her marriage, as the king and queen were searching a prince for her. 
After hearing this news, he came back to his box. He sat on the box and flew toward the hill top, to see the princess. He reached near the window of the princess. She was in deep sleep. He knocked the window and princess opened it. Princess was amazed to see joy, as he looked so charming and handsome. Princess let Joy to come into her room. They began to introduce each other. Joy claimed that he was Turkish angel. They talked lot about their likeness and dislikeness. Joy made every possible attempt to impress her. Finally it was time for him to leave. By then, princess had completely fallen for Joy. And same with Joy, he began dreaming to own her. Just before Joy was leaving, princess invited him to be there during her marriage proposal. Beside that she added that her father likes adventurous and interesting stories and her mom loves moral stories. Joy assured that he would be there on her marriage proposal day, which was to be held the next day.
On the next day, there were many prince gathered for the princess in the palace. The princess rejected them all. Even the King and Queen didn’t like them. Because they were not up to the expectation of the king and Queen. It was the time for Joy to please king and queen. He remembered what princess had told him. He began a wonderful story of three tress and their desire for their success. 
The desire of first tree was to grow very tall, it wanted to grow so tall that it must be seen beyond the high mountains
The desire of the second tree was to be made big ship, so that it can carry great kings across oceans and seas. Despite facing wild storm and overcoming every disaster on its way. 
And the desire of third tree was to be made a precious box, where precious things of the world would be kept. As they were talking about their desire and goal. An ordinary wood cutter comes and chops the trees and takes them for his livelihood. 
As Joy was narrating the story, he paused for a while and could see the face of king and queen with full of suspense and eagerness to know what had happened next. Then he continued the story. Fortunately, the desires of those three tress came true at last. They were successful in achieving their goal.
 At the end of the story he concluded with a wonderful moral saying, “Each one has born with unique purpose”. The king and queen were impressed by his story. They also liked his way of narrating the story, the way he talked, and also like his charming personality. Beside that he claimed himself Turkish angel. They believed him, because no one has seen him before. And he was handsome too. They agreed to give him their princess. This news was spread in the whole country. There was big party in the palace. 
After the party, as he left the palace. While he was moving toward his box, through the main city. He was disguised as ordinary man. While walking through the city, he saw many people were celebrating the princess marriage proposal. They were bursting crackers and dancing. Some were claiming that they have seen the Turkish angel, while others said that he looked so charming. He could hear lots of praises about him, as he was walking through the city. Just before he reached his box, he put his hand on his chest and felt proud about him. But unfortunately, when he came to his box he found that he bush was burned along with his box. He broke down completely and couldn’t help himself anymore. And the princess kept waiting for him, till her last breath.
Picture of princess waiting for Joy is still seen in the people’s imagination. It is still alive and reminds people about the story of princess love for Joy every evening. As they look towards the palace on the hill top. Because princess used to sit on the balcony of her palace and see over the city every evening. Just to get a glimpse of her beloved Joy. 
